enh: Adding a caution for external tool (#18002)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure.md

The output shows that the base-64 representation of your username is `bXktYXBw`,
and the base-64 representation of your password is `Mzk1MjgkdmRnN0pi`.

{{< caution >}}

> Please consider using a local tool truster by your OS to decrease the risk of External Tool Data Usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a local tool trusted by your OS to decrease the security risks of external tools.
```
